README.md, before:

# Stable Diffusion web UI
A web interface for Stable Diffusion, implemented using Gradio library.

![](screenshot.png)

## Features
[Detailed feature showcase with images](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Features):
- Original txt2img and img2img modes
- One click install and run script (but you still must install python and git)
- Outpainting
- Inpainting
- Color Sketch
- Prompt Matrix
- Stable Diffusion Upscale
- Attention, specify parts of text that the model should pay more attention to
    - a man in a `((tuxedo))` - will pay more attention to tuxedo
    - a man in a `(tuxedo:1.21)` - alternative syntax
    - select text and press `Ctrl+Up` or `Ctrl+Down` (or `Command+Up` or `Command+Down` if you're on a MacOS) to automatically adjust attention to selected text (code contributed by anonymous user)
- Loopback, run img2img processing multiple times
- X/Y/Z plot, a way to draw a 3 dimensional plot of images with different parameters
- Textual Inversion
    - have as many embeddings as you want and use any names you like for them
    - use multiple embeddings with different numbers of vectors per token
    - works with half precision floating point numbers
    - train embeddings on 8GB (also reports of 6GB working)
- Extras tab with:
    - GFPGAN, neural network that fixes faces
    - CodeFormer, face restoration tool as an alternative to GFPGAN
    - RealESRGAN, neural network upscaler
    - ESRGAN, neural network upscaler with a lot of third party models
    - SwinIR and Swin2SR ([see here](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/pull/2092)), neural network upscalers
    - LDSR, Latent diffusion super resolution upscaling
- Resizing aspect ratio options
- Sampling method selection
    - Adjust sampler eta values (noise multiplier)
    - More advanced noise setting options
- Interrupt processing at any time
- 4GB video card support (also reports of 2GB working)
- Correct seeds for batches
- Live prompt token length validation
- Generation parameters
     - parameters you used to generate images are saved with that image
     - in PNG chunks for PNG, in EXIF for JPEG
     - can drag the image to PNG info tab to restore generation parameters and automatically copy them into UI
     - can be disabled in settings
     - drag and drop an image/text-parameters to promptbox
- Read Generation Parameters Button, loads parameters in promptbox to UI
- Settings page
- Running arbitrary python code from UI (must run with `--allow-code` to enable)
- Mouseover hints for most UI elements
- Possible to change defaults/mix/max/step values for UI elements via text config
- Tiling support, a checkbox to create images that can be tiled like textures
- Progress bar and live image generation preview
    - Can use a separate neural network to produce previews with almost none VRAM or compute requirement
- Negative prompt, an extra text field that allows you to list what you don't want to see in generated image
- Styles, a way to save part of prompt and easily apply them via dropdown later
- Variations, a way to generate same image but with tiny differences
- Seed resizing, a way to generate same image but at slightly different resolution
- CLIP interrogator, a button that tries to guess prompt from an image
- Prompt Editing, a way to change prompt mid-generation, say to start making a watermelon and switch to anime girl midway
- Batch Processing, process a group of files using img2img
- Img2img Alternative, reverse Euler method of cross attention control
- Highres Fix, a convenience option to produce high resolution pictures in one click without usual distortions
- Reloading checkpoints on the fly
- Checkpoint Merger, a tab that allows you to merge up to 3 checkpoints into one
- [Custom scripts](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Custom-Scripts) with many extensions from community
- [Composable-Diffusion](https://energy-based-model.github.io/Compositional-Visual-Generation-with-Composable-Diffusion-Models/), a way to use multiple prompts at once
     - separate prompts using uppercase `AND`
     - also supports weights for prompts: `a cat :1.2 AND a dog AND a penguin :2.2`
- No token limit for prompts (original stable diffusion lets you use up to 75 tokens)
- DeepDanbooru integration, creates danbooru style tags for anime prompts
- [xformers](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Xformers), major speed increase for select cards: (add `--xformers` to commandline args)
- via extension: [History tab](https://github.com/yfszzx/stable-diffusion-webui-images-browser): view, direct and delete images conveniently within the UI
- Generate forever option
- Training tab
     - hypernetworks and embeddings options
     - Preprocessing images: cropping, mirroring, autotagging using BLIP or deepdanbooru (for anime)
- Clip skip
- Hypernetworks
- Loras (same as Hypernetworks but more pretty)
- A separate UI where you can choose, with preview, which embeddings, hypernetworks or Loras to add to your prompt 
- Can select to load a different VAE from settings screen
- Estimated completion time in progress bar
- API
- Support for dedicated [inpainting model](https://github.com/runwayml/stable-diffusion#inpainting-with-stable-diffusion) by RunwayML
- via extension: [Aesthetic Gradients](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui-aesthetic-gradients), a way to generate images with a specific aesthetic by using clip images embeds (implementation of [https://github.com/vicgalle/stable-diffusion-aesthetic-gradients](https://github.com/vicgalle/stable-diffusion-aesthetic-gradients))
- [Stable Diffusion 2.0](https://github.com/Stability-AI/stablediffusion) support - see [wiki](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Features#stable-diffusion-20) for instructions
- [Alt-Diffusion](https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.06679) support - see [wiki](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Features#alt-diffusion) for instructions
- Now without any bad letters!
- Load checkpoints in safetensors format
- Eased resolution restriction: generated image's dimensions must be a multiple of 8 rather than 64
- Now with a license!
- Reorder elements in the UI from settings screen
- [Segmind Stable Diffusion](https://huggingface.co/segmind/SSD-1B) support

## Installation and Running
Make sure the required [dependencies](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Dependencies) are met and follow the instructions available for:
- [NVidia](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Install-and-Run-on-NVidia-GPUs) (recommended)
- [AMD](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Install-and-Run-on-AMD-GPUs) GPUs.
- [Intel CPUs, Intel GPUs (both integrated and discrete)](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Installation-on-Intel-Silicon) (external wiki page)
- [Ascend NPUs](https://github.com/wangshuai09/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Install-and-run-on-Ascend-NPUs) (external wiki page)

Alternatively, use online services (like Google Colab):

- [List of Online Services](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Online-Services)

### Installation on Windows 10/11 with NVidia-GPUs using release package
1. Download `sd.webui.zip` from [v1.0.0-pre](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/releases/tag/v1.0.0-pre) and extract its contents.
2. Run `update.bat`.
3. Run `run.bat`.
> For more details see [Install-and-Run-on-NVidia-GPUs](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Install-and-Run-on-NVidia-GPUs)

### Automatic Installation on Windows
1. Install [Python 3.10.6](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-3106/) (Newer version of Python does not support torch), checking "Add Python to PATH".
2. Install [git](https://git-scm.com/download/win).
3. Download the stable-diffusion-webui repository, for example by running `git clone https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui.git`.
4. Run `webui-user.bat` from Windows Explorer as normal, non-administrator, user.

### Automatic Installation on Linux
1. Install the dependencies:
```bash
# Debian-based:
sudo apt install wget git python3 python3-venv libgl1 libglib2.0-0
# Red Hat-based:
sudo dnf install wget git python3 gperftools-libs libglvnd-glx 
# openSUSE-based:
sudo zypper install wget git python3 libtcmalloc4 libglvnd
# Arch-based:
sudo pacman -S wget git python3
```
2. Navigate to the directory you would like the webui to be installed and execute the following command:
```bash
wget -q https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/master/webui.sh
```
3. Run `webui.sh`.
4. Check `webui-user.sh` for options.
### Installation on Apple Silicon

Find the instructions [here](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Installation-on-Apple-Silicon).

## Contributing
Here's how to add code to this repo: [Contributing](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Contributing)

## Documentation

The documentation was moved from this README over to the project's [wiki](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki).

For the purposes of getting Google and other search engines to crawl the wiki, here's a link to the (not for humans) [crawlable wiki](https://github-wiki-see.page/m/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki).

## Credits
Licenses for borrowed code can be found in `Settings -> Licenses` screen, and also in `html/licenses.html` file.

- Stable Diffusion - https://github.com/Stability-AI/stablediffusion, https://github.com/CompVis/taming-transformers
- k-diffusion - https://github.com/crowsonkb/k-diffusion.git
- Spandrel - https://github.com/chaiNNer-org/spandrel implementing
  - GFPGAN - https://github.com/TencentARC/GFPGAN.git
  - CodeFormer - https://github.com/sczhou/CodeFormer
  - ESRGAN - https://github.com/xinntao/ESRGAN
  - SwinIR - https://github.com/JingyunLiang/SwinIR
  - Swin2SR - https://github.com/mv-lab/swin2sr
- LDSR - https://github.com/Hafiidz/latent-diffusion
- MiDaS - https://github.com/isl-org/MiDaS
- Ideas for optimizations - https://github.com/basujindal/stable-diffusion
- Cross Attention layer optimization - Doggettx - https://github.com/Doggettx/stable-diffusion, original idea for prompt editing.
- Cross Attention layer optimization - InvokeAI, lstein - https://github.com/invoke-ai/InvokeAI (originally http://github.com/lstein/stable-diffusion)
- Sub-quadratic Cross Attention layer optimization - Alex Birch (https://github.com/Birch-san/diffusers/pull/1), Amin Rezaei (https://github.com/AminRezaei0x443/memory-efficient-attention)
- Textual Inversion - Rinon Gal - https://github.com/rinongal/textual_inversion (we're not using his code, but we are using his ideas).
- Idea for SD upscale - https://github.com/jquesnelle/txt2imghd
- Noise generation for outpainting mk2 - https://github.com/parlance-zz/g-diffuser-bot
- CLIP interrogator idea and borrowing some code - https://github.com/pharmapsychotic/clip-interrogator
- Idea for Composable Diffusion - https://github.com/energy-based-model/Compositional-Visual-Generation-with-Composable-Diffusion-Models-PyTorch
- xformers - https://github.com/facebookresearch/xformers
- DeepDanbooru - interrogator for anime diffusers https://github.com/KichangKim/DeepDanbooru
- Sampling in float32 precision from a float16 UNet - marunine for the idea, Birch-san for the example Diffusers implementation (https://github.com/Birch-san/diffusers-play/tree/92feee6)
- Instruct pix2pix - Tim Brooks (star), Aleksander Holynski (star), Alexei A. Efros (no star) - https://github.com/timothybrooks/instruct-pix2pix
- Security advice - RyotaK
- UniPC sampler - Wenliang Zhao - https://github.com/wl-zhao/UniPC
- TAESD - Ollin Boer Bohan - https://github.com/madebyollin/taesd
- LyCORIS - KohakuBlueleaf
- Restart sampling - lambertae - https://github.com/Newbeeer/diffusion_restart_sampling
- Hypertile - tfernd - https://github.com/tfernd/HyperTile
- Initial Gradio script - posted on 4chan by an Anonymous user. Thank you Anonymous user.
- (You)

Commit message:

Dockerfile, README, and draft webui.sh changes

README.md, after:

# Stable Diffusion web UI
A web interface for Stable Diffusion, implemented using Gradio library.

![](screenshot.png)

## Features
[Detailed feature showcase with images](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Features):
- Original txt2img and img2img modes
- One click install and run script (but you still must install python and git)
- Outpainting
- Inpainting
- Color Sketch
- Prompt Matrix
- Stable Diffusion Upscale
- Attention, specify parts of text that the model should pay more attention to
    - a man in a `((tuxedo))` - will pay more attention to tuxedo
    - a man in a `(tuxedo:1.21)` - alternative syntax
    - select text and press `Ctrl+Up` or `Ctrl+Down` (or `Command+Up` or `Command+Down` if you're on a MacOS) to automatically adjust attention to selected text (code contributed by anonymous user)
- Loopback, run img2img processing multiple times
- X/Y/Z plot, a way to draw a 3 dimensional plot of images with different parameters
- Textual Inversion
    - have as many embeddings as you want and use any names you like for them
    - use multiple embeddings with different numbers of vectors per token
    - works with half precision floating point numbers
    - train embeddings on 8GB (also reports of 6GB working)
- Extras tab with:
    - GFPGAN, neural network that fixes faces
    - CodeFormer, face restoration tool as an alternative to GFPGAN
    - RealESRGAN, neural network upscaler
    - ESRGAN, neural network upscaler with a lot of third party models
    - SwinIR and Swin2SR ([see here](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/pull/2092)), neural network upscalers
    - LDSR, Latent diffusion super resolution upscaling
- Resizing aspect ratio options
- Sampling method selection
    - Adjust sampler eta values (noise multiplier)
    - More advanced noise setting options
- Interrupt processing at any time
- 4GB video card support (also reports of 2GB working)
- Correct seeds for batches
- Live prompt token length validation
- Generation parameters
     - parameters you used to generate images are saved with that image
     - in PNG chunks for PNG, in EXIF for JPEG
     - can drag the image to PNG info tab to restore generation parameters and automatically copy them into UI
     - can be disabled in settings
     - drag and drop an image/text-parameters to promptbox
- Read Generation Parameters Button, loads parameters in promptbox to UI
- Settings page
- Running arbitrary python code from UI (must run with `--allow-code` to enable)
- Mouseover hints for most UI elements
- Possible to change defaults/mix/max/step values for UI elements via text config
- Tiling support, a checkbox to create images that can be tiled like textures
- Progress bar and live image generation preview
    - Can use a separate neural network to produce previews with almost none VRAM or compute requirement
- Negative prompt, an extra text field that allows you to list what you don't want to see in generated image
- Styles, a way to save part of prompt and easily apply them via dropdown later
- Variations, a way to generate same image but with tiny differences
- Seed resizing, a way to generate same image but at slightly different resolution
- CLIP interrogator, a button that tries to guess prompt from an image
- Prompt Editing, a way to change prompt mid-generation, say to start making a watermelon and switch to anime girl midway
- Batch Processing, process a group of files using img2img
- Img2img Alternative, reverse Euler method of cross attention control
- Highres Fix, a convenience option to produce high resolution pictures in one click without usual distortions
- Reloading checkpoints on the fly
- Checkpoint Merger, a tab that allows you to merge up to 3 checkpoints into one
- [Custom scripts](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Custom-Scripts) with many extensions from community
- [Composable-Diffusion](https://energy-based-model.github.io/Compositional-Visual-Generation-with-Composable-Diffusion-Models/), a way to use multiple prompts at once
     - separate prompts using uppercase `AND`
     - also supports weights for prompts: `a cat :1.2 AND a dog AND a penguin :2.2`
- No token limit for prompts (original stable diffusion lets you use up to 75 tokens)
- DeepDanbooru integration, creates danbooru style tags for anime prompts
- [xformers](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Xformers), major speed increase for select cards: (add `--xformers` to commandline args)
- via extension: [History tab](https://github.com/yfszzx/stable-diffusion-webui-images-browser): view, direct and delete images conveniently within the UI
- Generate forever option
- Training tab
     - hypernetworks and embeddings options
     - Preprocessing images: cropping, mirroring, autotagging using BLIP or deepdanbooru (for anime)
- Clip skip
- Hypernetworks
- Loras (same as Hypernetworks but more pretty)
- A separate UI where you can choose, with preview, which embeddings, hypernetworks or Loras to add to your prompt
- Can select to load a different VAE from settings screen
- Estimated completion time in progress bar
- API
- Support for dedicated [inpainting model](https://github.com/runwayml/stable-diffusion#inpainting-with-stable-diffusion) by RunwayML
- via extension: [Aesthetic Gradients](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui-aesthetic-gradients), a way to generate images with a specific aesthetic by using clip images embeds (implementation of [https://github.com/vicgalle/stable-diffusion-aesthetic-gradients](https://github.com/vicgalle/stable-diffusion-aesthetic-gradients))
- [Stable Diffusion 2.0](https://github.com/Stability-AI/stablediffusion) support - see [wiki](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Features#stable-diffusion-20) for instructions
- [Alt-Diffusion](https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.06679) support - see [wiki](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Features#alt-diffusion) for instructions
- Now without any bad letters!
- Load checkpoints in safetensors format
- Eased resolution restriction: generated image's dimensions must be a multiple of 8 rather than 64
- Now with a license!
- Reorder elements in the UI from settings screen
- [Segmind Stable Diffusion](https://huggingface.co/segmind/SSD-1B) support

## Installation and Running
Make sure the required [dependencies](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Dependencies) are met and follow the instructions available for:
- [NVidia](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Install-and-Run-on-NVidia-GPUs) (recommended)
- [AMD](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Install-and-Run-on-AMD-GPUs) GPUs.
- [Intel CPUs, Intel GPUs (both integrated and discrete)](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Installation-on-Intel-Silicon) (external wiki page)
- [Ascend NPUs](https://github.com/wangshuai09/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Install-and-run-on-Ascend-NPUs) (external wiki page)

Alternatively, use online services (like Google Colab):

- [List of Online Services](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Online-Services)

### Installation on Windows 10/11 with NVidia-GPUs using release package
1. Download `sd.webui.zip` from [v1.0.0-pre](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/releases/tag/v1.0.0-pre) and extract its contents.
2. Run `update.bat`.
3. Run `run.bat`.
> For more details see [Install-and-Run-on-NVidia-GPUs](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Install-and-Run-on-NVidia-GPUs)

### Automatic Installation on Windows
1. Install [Python 3.10.6](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-3106/) (Newer version of Python does not support torch), checking "Add Python to PATH".
2. Install [git](https://git-scm.com/download/win).
3. Download the stable-diffusion-webui repository, for example by running `git clone https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui.git`.
4. Run `webui-user.bat` from Windows Explorer as normal, non-administrator, user.

### Automatic Installation on Linux
1. Install the dependencies:
```bash
# Debian-based:
sudo apt install wget git python3 python3-venv libgl1 libglib2.0-0
# Red Hat-based:
sudo dnf install wget git python3 gperftools-libs libglvnd-glx
# openSUSE-based:
sudo zypper install wget git python3 libtcmalloc4 libglvnd
# Arch-based:
sudo pacman -S wget git python3
```
2. Navigate to the directory you would like the webui to be installed and execute the following command:
```bash
wget -q https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/master/webui.sh
```
3. Run `webui.sh`.
4. Check `webui-user.sh` for options.

### Installation via Docker

1. Build local container image.
```bash
git clone https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui.git
cd stable-diffusion-webui
docker build . -t ghcr.io/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui
```
2. Run it.
```bash
docker run --gpus=all --name automatic1111 --network=host -v automatic1111:/workspace/models/Stable-diffusion ghcr.io/automatic1111/stable-diffusion-webui
# while it is running, for optional dev troubleshooting:
docker exec -it automatic1111 sh
```

Notes:
- Host networking `--network=host` seems to be necessary.  Specifying `-p 7860:7860` instead is  preferable (reduced access to host network stack) but results in connection reset errors in web browser.
- Storing checkpoint models in a volume `-v automatic1111:/workspace/models/Stable-diffusion` is optional, but allows rebuilding/upgrading docker image without redownloading the 3.97 GB checkpoint model.  This is especially useful if other models have been downloaded/installed.
- If GPU is not detected even with `--gpus=all`, troubleshoot with `nvidia/cuda` docker image.
- Specifying `--name automatic1111` is often helpful but optional.  Sometimes `--rm` is helpful as well.

### Installation on Apple Silicon

Find the instructions [here](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Installation-on-Apple-Silicon).

## Contributing
Here's how to add code to this repo: [Contributing](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Contributing)

## Documentation

The documentation was moved from this README over to the project's [wiki](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki).

For the purposes of getting Google and other search engines to crawl the wiki, here's a link to the (not for humans) [crawlable wiki](https://github-wiki-see.page/m/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki).

## Credits
Licenses for borrowed code can be found in `Settings -> Licenses` screen, and also in `html/licenses.html` file.

- Stable Diffusion - https://github.com/Stability-AI/stablediffusion, https://github.com/CompVis/taming-transformers
- k-diffusion - https://github.com/crowsonkb/k-diffusion.git
- Spandrel - https://github.com/chaiNNer-org/spandrel implementing
  - GFPGAN - https://github.com/TencentARC/GFPGAN.git
  - CodeFormer - https://github.com/sczhou/CodeFormer
  - ESRGAN - https://github.com/xinntao/ESRGAN
  - SwinIR - https://github.com/JingyunLiang/SwinIR
  - Swin2SR - https://github.com/mv-lab/swin2sr
- LDSR - https://github.com/Hafiidz/latent-diffusion
- MiDaS - https://github.com/isl-org/MiDaS
- Ideas for optimizations - https://github.com/basujindal/stable-diffusion
- Cross Attention layer optimization - Doggettx - https://github.com/Doggettx/stable-diffusion, original idea for prompt editing.
- Cross Attention layer optimization - InvokeAI, lstein - https://github.com/invoke-ai/InvokeAI (originally http://github.com/lstein/stable-diffusion)
- Sub-quadratic Cross Attention layer optimization - Alex Birch (https://github.com/Birch-san/diffusers/pull/1), Amin Rezaei (https://github.com/AminRezaei0x443/memory-efficient-attention)
- Textual Inversion - Rinon Gal - https://github.com/rinongal/textual_inversion (we're not using his code, but we are using his ideas).
- Idea for SD upscale - https://github.com/jquesnelle/txt2imghd
- Noise generation for outpainting mk2 - https://github.com/parlance-zz/g-diffuser-bot
- CLIP interrogator idea and borrowing some code - https://github.com/pharmapsychotic/clip-interrogator
- Idea for Composable Diffusion - https://github.com/energy-based-model/Compositional-Visual-Generation-with-Composable-Diffusion-Models-PyTorch
- xformers - https://github.com/facebookresearch/xformers
- DeepDanbooru - interrogator for anime diffusers https://github.com/KichangKim/DeepDanbooru
- Sampling in float32 precision from a float16 UNet - marunine for the idea, Birch-san for the example Diffusers implementation (https://github.com/Birch-san/diffusers-play/tree/92feee6)
- Instruct pix2pix - Tim Brooks (star), Aleksander Holynski (star), Alexei A. Efros (no star) - https://github.com/timothybrooks/instruct-pix2pix
- Security advice - RyotaK
- UniPC sampler - Wenliang Zhao - https://github.com/wl-zhao/UniPC
- TAESD - Ollin Boer Bohan - https://github.com/madebyollin/taesd
- LyCORIS - KohakuBlueleaf
- Restart sampling - lambertae - https://github.com/Newbeeer/diffusion_restart_sampling
- Hypertile - tfernd - https://github.com/tfernd/HyperTile
- Initial Gradio script - posted on 4chan by an Anonymous user. Thank you Anonymous user.
- (You)
